---
layout: post
title:  "May 22-26, 2023 - FDIC Introduction to Telecommunications and Networking"
---
Welcome to our class on Telecommunications for the FDIC and other financial examiners. 

Telecommunications and Networking are at the heart of modern information systems.  Applications meet the needs of users with networks sharing the
information with the servers performing the work.  Today, banking may be performed by customers anywhere, at any time, using a variety of devices.  Banking applications may be implemented in-house or by a service provider and all need networks to function.  

In this course, participants will receive a comprehensive view of current telecommunications and networking options with examples of their use. It will provide you with enough information for you to formulate good questions in your conversations with a bank. It will also provide you with a better understanding of this internet world we all live in. We'll discuss internet access options and operations. While we will occasionally dip into the technology weeds, you will still need a teenager for you personal IT and network support.

During the class we will use this site to capture questions and provide links to articles that may be of interest. The site will remain up for one week after the class is done. It will be retired at COB on 6/2.

<p>The class meterials can be downloaded with this <a href="/assets/Introduction%20to%20Telecommunications.pptx" download="Introduction to Telecommunications.pptx">link</a>  .</p>

I look forward to meeting you all in person on 5/22 at 8:30am.

Dave
